null:Fogo contra Fogo:Fire with Fire:08/02/2013:97 min:David Barrett:Acao/daram/crime:EUA:After witnessing the brutal murders of a convenience store owner and his son; firefighter, Jeremy Coleman barely escapes with his life. As he is forced to testify against the crime lord, Hagan, he is placed in the witness protection program under the watch of the U.S. Marshals. As his new identity becomes compromised Jeremy is forced to take an unexpected course of action in order to get his life back and save the lives of those he loves.:HD 720p:4,46GB
mull:As Tartarugas Ninja:Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles:14/08/2014:101 min:Jonathan Liebesman:Acao/aventura/comedia:EUA:Darkness has settled over New York City as Shredder and his evil Foot Clan have an iron grip on everything from the police to the politicians. The future is grim until four unlikely outcast brothers rise from the sewers and discover their destiny as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. The Turtles must work with fearless reporter April O'Neil and her cameraman Vern Fenwick to save the city and unravel Shredder's diabolical plan.:HD 720p:5,260 GB
null:Batman O Cavaleiro das Trevas Ressurge:The Dark Knight Rises:27/06/2012:165 min:Christopher Nolan:Acao:EUA:Despite his tarnished reputation after the events of The Dark Knight, in which he took the rap for Dent's crimes, Batman feels compelled to intervene to assist the city and its police force which is struggling to cope with Bane's plans to destroy the city.:HD 720p:7,07GB
null:Frozen: Uma Aventura Congelante:Frozen:03/01/2014:102 min:Chris Buck / Jennifer Lee:Animacao/aventura/comedia:EUA:Anna, a fearless optimist, sets off on an epic journey - teaming up with rugged mountain man Kristoff and his loyal reindeer Sven - to find her sister Elsa, whose icy powers have trapped the kingdom of Arendelle in eternal winter. Encountering Everest-like conditions, mystical trolls and a hilarious snowman named Olaf, Anna and Kristoff battle the elements in a race to save the kingdom. From the outside Anna's sister, Elsa looks poised, regal and reserved, but in reality, she lives in fear as she wrestles with a mighty secret-she was born with the power to create ice and snow. It's a beautiful ability, but also extremely dangerous. Haunted by the moment her magic nearly killed her younger sister Anna, Elsa has isolated herself, spending every waking minute trying to suppress her growing powers. Her mounting emotions trigger the magic, accidentally setting off an eternal winter that she can't stop. She fears she's becoming a monster and that no one, not even her sister, can help her.:HD 720p:4,80GB
